Let's now create some custom see as a style and I'll do that on that offers page where I'm not super
happy with the styles currently have there.
Now of course you can also change that with the default tools on it gives you for example on the Discover
page.
We also have a nice looking list with just the default ionic features of using age to tag and a paragraph
tag giving us this list which looks really nice in my opinion but I want to have a different style here
and I also want to show you how to write your own C as S or SAS rules and how they fit into the big
picture.
So therefore let's have a look at our offers page here.
Here it is.
And there we have these items where I currently only have that label with the h1 tag.
I will now generate a new component which simply holds the content that will be rendered instead of
an item.
So basically this part here where I will then use custom see as rules to adjust the styling.
Now you can of course create that component manually.
All use ionic generate component here and I want to generate that component in my places folder then
under offers and then offer a dash item course you can name two component whoever you want I'll grab
that thumbnail and that I label content.
So basically what I had in my eye an item here were actually let's grab the entire item and in the offer
item I'll place that in here.
Now of course we'll need to get that offer as I input to this component.
So let's quickly add at input here offer which for now is off type place actually.
And therefore you should import your place small up there as well.
Now we can access things like the image you are El again.
So this should now work.
And I want to focus on the styling now for this I will have my age one tag here inside of that label
let's say.
But below that I'll add a death and in the div I want to have a from to date.
So basically for which timespan am I offering this place for that I'll add I and I can here with a name
of calendar R next to that all use I in text gift us a color primary.
So actually not my own custom C is s style here but does I add text element which is great if we just
want to give some texture color.
And here I'll put I did Amick value and for now we don't have any dates for our places or offers.
So you know just call a function get dummy date which will replace later and I'll use to date pipe angular
it gives some by default which trance forms this to look nice and get dummy data is simply a functional
add here where a return new date so which is simply the current timestamp So with that I got this and
I will also then add a span with the word two and then repeat that half that calendar I can again and
get a no dummy date which will technically be the same as the first one because it's still today but
again we'll replace this with better data later.
Now let's say used as offer item here so in my eye an item a sliding commode of your all add app offer
item and I'll pass in my offer which here is the offer and looping fruit.
So this offer here on the right side of the equal sign refers to does offer a variable offer here in
the square brackets refers to my offer property in there and of course also make sure that your offer
item component is declared here next to the offers page in my case so with that if we save this let's
have a look at our application log in and go to the offers.
And this is how it looks like now.
It's not the finished style obviously but it's getting there.
Now there are things I want to fix and that is where a custom CSX code will come into play.
First of all I have that div where I have all that information about the starting date and ending date
the gift is a class of offer details and of course you can use any name you want.
Now all select offer details here with a class selector and set this to use the Flex box specification
by using display flex the devil dentist and the items are laid out in a row.
And I want to align items vertically and centered and there which you can do with a line items center
and I'll quickly go to the off service to set is authenticated to true again.
So did Wendy page reloads.
We actually go back to the offer page immediately and we don't have to wait for that log in animation.
So let's now have a look at what this gives us.
Asked is reloads I need to log in one more time but thereafter we should be done and now it this at
least vertically centered.
Now obviously there is no spacing between the different items and to achieve spacing we could of course
use justified content space between here but a larger displaced this will probably not look that good.
So instead this is all something which I can achieve here in my 80 mile code if we want to have some
spacing around the items we can add some padding Haras sawn tall because I want to have spacing to the
left or right or margin horizontal here to iron text also 2 to
introduce iron texture.
Let's see what that gives us here I'm using these CEOs as utility attributes and that looks better but
it's of course way too much.
So this is not really what I want.
So let's reverse this.
And again it's something we're accustomed see as s stalls can save us.
I simply want to style all my items here and offer details instead I could add a space left class lecture
here and give that a margin to left off let's say five pixels.
Now space left as a class we can now assign in here for example to design and text here.
Space left and to all the other items there as well.
So to here to the calendar I can here and to this text and obviously there would be other ways of achieving
the same look but I want to show how to write custom C as s code and this looks now nicer.
Now I also want to color the icon here and for that we can.
Again we could use custom CEOs as the rules but I can't again I'll just use the color attribute which
I and I can does support and there for example set this to secondary so let's do that for both icons
here and now if we save that we'll have a nice day.
We'll have a nicely colored icon using our secondary color.
And I think the tertiary color is a bit better here by the way but that of course depends on which colors
you chose for your theme.
Last but not least I want to style that H1 tag here and I think we can actually make this look better
if we use primary here whoops primary here on the icon and on eye and text here where I previously used
primary I use tertiary which in my case here is that darker purple.
Obviously it depends on the color as you chose which style you want to implement here.
Yeah.
So I'm happy with that style.
Obviously you can't play around with that choose a different style.
Now what about that H1 tag though.
Here again I want to write a custom CSX rule so it might see us as or my SAS file here I'll select the
age one element and by the way angular scopes these styles to this component.
So this age one's elector will only select age 1 elements in this component here and nowhere else and
will they ever select this age one element and I'll reduce the font size here to let's say 18 pixels
and gift as a border of one pixel solid and then all consumer global sea is as variable which is a way
lable here because in variables we did define them in the route selector which means they're defined
on the topmost element which is the H Tim l element and thanks to see as inheritance we can then use
them anywhere even in this component and in this age one tag somewhere in our component.
So here I will use my ion color primary variable again and I'll add some pattern here of let's say eight
pixels.
Now I'll save this and see what this gives me
and that is going in the right direction.
All now all add a border radius of five pixels and set a text color which also is using that primary
CSA as variables.
I'll just copy that code from up here and with that we should have a nicely styled offer item here Yep.
Doesn't look too bad now obviously adjusts to your requirements or to your preferences.
I'm happy with this.
And the most important thing is this shows how you can set your own C as a stars and how they fit in
the big picture how you can use global C as as variables in there and how you can also combine them
with things like the color attributes to then still use some default behaviors of building components
and obviously you can still swipe them and so on.
So this is not touched by the fact that we're using our own C as s styles here.